c:\users\joshu\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre\bin\Debug\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre.exe.config
c:\users\joshu\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre\bin\Debug\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre.exe
c:\users\joshu\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre\bin\Debug\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre.pdb
c:\users\joshu\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre\bin\Debug\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre.xml
c:\users\joshu\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre\obj\Debug\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\joshu\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre\obj\Debug\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre.Form1.resources
c:\users\joshu\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre\obj\Debug\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre.Resources.resources
c:\users\joshu\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre\obj\Debug\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\joshu\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre\obj\Debug\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre.exe
c:\users\joshu\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre\obj\Debug\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre.xml
c:\users\joshu\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre\obj\Debug\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre.pdb
c:\users\joshu\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre\obj\Debug\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre.Form2.resources
c:\users\joshu\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre\obj\Debug\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre.Form3.resources
c:\users\joshu\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre\obj\Debug\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre.Form4.resources
c:\users\joshu\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre\obj\Debug\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre.Form5.resources
c:\users\joshu\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre\obj\Debug\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre.Form6.resources
c:\users\joshu\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre\obj\Debug\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre.Form7.resources
c:\users\joshu\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre\obj\Debug\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre.Form8.resources
c:\users\joshu\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre\obj\Debug\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre.AboutBox.resources
c:\users\joshu\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre\obj\Debug\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre.SplScreen.resources
C:\Users\Joshu\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre\obj\Debug\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre.New_Appointment.resources
C:\Users\Joshu\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre\bin\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\Joshu\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre\bin\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\Joshu\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre\obj\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\Joshu\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre\obj\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\Joshu\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre\obj\Debug\EDM_Psychiatry_Centre.vbproj.ResolveComReference.cache
